All right welcome back my story.
So let's set up the relationship so that way we can actually display some of this relationship here
.
Let's fix this.
This dramady ear.
All right.
So we need to play that category.
We don't have a category yet.
We're going to have that in the future but we want to display the user and even we don't have this yet
but we will have a photo for it.
But at least a user lets build that relationship real quick.
All right.
So we're going to say that it has a Orner right.
So we got to use user We're going to set up this relationship for the user.
We're going to see public function polls
when I say that.
OK.
And that's just froze on me by the way.
This has many of you don't need to set this up to make all that won't work.
I'm just making this up.
Well I'm just creating this one now because I don't want to forget later.
All right.
But to make this one work here you don't need this one.
So we turned this has many stories and I have Ray.
There we go.
Let's go back to the post and we're going to say here Public Function user that we're going to say this
one here belongs to a user.
OK.
So we've got to make sure that we have that fill up because if we don't we're going to have an error
If we go here and try to play that now.
So let's go to our post and that's and if we try to display the owner like this pose user name watch
what's going to happen.
Learn from it.
Try to get a property of an object is not an object yet because we don't have these user ID.
So let's make sure that we include our user ID there.
And now to get the same problem oh we haven't committed that yet.
There we go.
All right.
Beautiful.
So you can see the name of that pose.
Or we can call that owner.
Now user can call the owner if you want.
It's up to you.
OK.
It's up to you however you want to do it you might see it as a user later on.
All right.
I just got my name on it for now.
All right we got to also set up the relationship for the photo.
Let's do that right now.
So let's go to our polls
and we say that this user has one for all.
I was just being lazy there guys.
Instead of writing this stuff don't be like me and write it down.
All right.
So we got to say that this post has one photo.
All right cool stuff.
Now this one here is also going to have one category so the category
we're just doing things a little bit ahead of time right.
And make sure that whatever fills one it is here in Philly was all right
they should be protected here for liberals is the name of the rule.
This.
OK.
All right cool.
I think we're done with relationships here.
So we're going to take it to the next lecture where we're going to continue with this.
Thank you so much.
And see you in the next one